
Q2 What is a ThreadPool, how to create a thread pool of 4 threads, and write down the
difference between the Callable and Runnable interface.


Thread Pool:
Thread pool represents a group of worker threads that are waiting for the job and reused many times.In the case of a thread pool,
a group of fixed-size threads is created. A thread from the thread pool is pulled out and assigned a job by the service provider.
After completion of the job, the thread is contained in the thread pool again.

ExecutorService service=Executors.newFixedThreadPool(4);

Callable Interface

 In a callable interface that basically throws a checked exception and returns some results. This is one of the major differences
 between the upcoming Runnable interface where no value is being returned. In this interface, it simply computes a result else
 throws an exception if unable to do so.

public interface Callable<V>
{
  V call() throws exception ;
}
It is declared in the ‘java.util.concurrent‘ package.
This interface also contains a single, no-argument method, called call() method
We can’t create a thread by passing callable as a parameter.
Callable can return results. Callable’s call() method contains the “throws Exception” clause, so we can easily propagate checked
exceptions further.


Runnable interface

When an object implementing this interface is used to create a thread, starting the thread causes the object run method to be called
in a separately executing thread. The general. contract of this run() method is that it may take any action whatsoever.

public interface Runnable
{
  public abstract void run();
}
java.lang.Runnable is an interface and defines only one method called run().
It represents a task in Java that is executed by Thread.
There are two ways to start a new thread using Runnable, one is by implementing the Runnable interface and another one is by
subclassing the Thread class.
Runnable cannot return the result of computation which is essential if you are performing some computing task in another
thread, and Runnable cannot throw checked exceptions.